---
type: foundation-topic
status: todo
order: 10.02
phase: study-plan
parent: [[10 - Don't Make My Mistakes]]
source: ../../README.md#2-use-flashcards
---

# 10.02 - 2. Use Flashcards

[[00 - Foundation Index|Foundation Index]] | [[10 - Don't Make My Mistakes|Parent Section]]

## Study Tracking

- [ ] Read this topic.
- [ ] Complete all applicable checkboxes.
- [ ] Write summary in `My Notes`.
- [ ] Create practice notes when needed.

## My Notes

- 

## Study Content From README

## 2. Use Flashcards

To solve the problem, I made a little flashcard site where I could add flashcards of 2 types: general and code.
Each card has a different formatting. I made a mobile-first website, so I could review on my phone or tablet, wherever I am.

Make your own for free:

- [Flashcards site repo](https://github.com/jwasham/computer-science-flash-cards)

**I DON'T RECOMMEND using my flashcards.** There are too many and most of them are trivia that you don't need.

But if you don't want to listen to me, here you go:
- [My flash cards database (1200 cards)](https://github.com/jwasham/computer-science-flash-cards/blob/main/cards-jwasham.db):
- [My flash cards database (extreme - 1800 cards)](https://github.com/jwasham/computer-science-flash-cards/blob/main/cards-jwasham-extreme.db):

Keep in mind I went overboard and have cards covering everything from assembly language and Python trivia to machine learning and statistics.
It's way too much for what's required.

**Note on flashcards:** The first time you recognize you know the answer, don't mark it as known. You have to see the
same card and answer it several times correctly before you really know it. Repetition will put that knowledge deeper in
your brain.

An alternative to using my flashcard site is [Anki](http://ankisrs.net/), which has been recommended to me numerous times.
It uses a repetition system to help you remember. It's user-friendly, available on all platforms, and has a cloud sync system.
It costs $25 on iOS but is free on other platforms.

My flashcard database in Anki format: https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/25173560 (thanks [@xiewenya](https://github.com/xiewenya)).

Some students have mentioned formatting issues with white space that can be fixed by doing the following: open the deck, edit the card, click cards, select the "styling" radio button, and add the member "white-space: pre;" to the card class.

